Disclaimer

All text, images, logos and other media included in this package are property of their respective owners.
"Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universes" are Trademarks (tm) and Copyright (c) Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. "All Rights Reserved"

The "Carter Addon Pack" is not an official game created by the marks or companies mentioned above.

The elements used in this pack (sounds, models, materials) are also subjected to the laws of Copyright by Kawoosh! Productions Inc, Stargate Productions Limited Partnership, Total MGM Television Inc, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Showtime Networks Inc and Sci Fi/US Networks.
We are not affiliated with Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Gekko Film Corp, ShowTime, Dean Devlin, Sony Pictures Entertainment, or anyone related to the production of the movie "Stargate" or the television series "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" or "Stargate Universes".

This package is not aiming to make profit with the idea of the Copyright (c) and Trademark (tm) holders mentioned above. It will always be published for free and started as a hobby for many. The only intention is to bring parts of this Stargate universe to the game "Garry's Mod". 
We have no intention to violate any laws on the intellectual property or want to inflict wrong to whoever.

All the elements created by our team, and which do not belong to any other right holder mentioned above, are the property of the individual creator. You are not allowed to use these without asking for permission. 
You are also not allowed to remove the disclaimer, copyright information, credits and license files.
This package is a big thanks to the creators and corporations which were involved to "Stargate" the movie, "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universes". This package has been compiled by really big fans and is intended to bring a closer look to the Stargate theme.

Please Note: It is not our intention to copy any of the work by any names mentioned above but rather to work on an additional theme, parallel to the franchise.